Add dolt_log table function doc (#994)
dolthub/docs: content/reference/sql/version-control/dolt-sql-functions.md

Table functions operate like regular SQL functions, but instead of returning a single, scalar value, a
table function returns rows of data, just like a table. Dolt's table function support is currently limited

> to only the `DOLT_DIFF()` function and table functions have several restrictions in how they can be used in

Reviewer: "Dolt's table function support is currently limited to only the `DOLT_DIFF()` function" is out of date – we've got three whole table functions now! 😁 

Could you fix that line while you're in here?

+------------+-----------------+------------+--------------+---------------+-------------+---------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+----------------+----------------+
```

## `DOLT_LOG()`

The `DOLT_LOG` table function gets the commit log for all commits reachable from the

> provided revision's `HEAD` (or the current `HEAD` if no revisions provided). `DOLT_LOG()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided revision's `HEAD` (or the current `HEAD` if no revision is provided). `DOLT_LOG()`
```

works like [CLI `dolt log` command](../../cli.md#dolt-log).

Note that the `DOLT_LOG()` table function currently has restrictions on how it can be used
in queries. It does not support aliasing or joining with other tables, and argument values
must be literal values.

### Privileges

`DOLT_LOG()` table function requires `SELECT` privilege for all tables.

### Options

```sql
DOLT_LOG(<optional_revision>, <optional_revision>)
```

The `DOLT_LOG()` table function takes up to two optional revision arguments:

> - `optional_revision` — all commits reachable from the revision `HEAD`. If you'd like to

Reviewer: "all commits reachable from the revision `HEAD`" reads funny to me. Maybe something like:

`optional_revision` – a branch name, tag, or commit ref (with or without an ancestor spec) that specifies which ancestor commits to include in the results. If no revisions are specified, the default is the current branch `HEAD`.

>   exclude commits from another revision (two dot log), you can use `..` between revisions

Reviewer: It would be nice to have a couple words that explain dotdot log, or possibly also link out to an explanation. I don't think it's super commonly understood by most Git users and it's a pretty cool syntax to know about. Maybe just something like "all commits reachable by revision2, but NOT reachable by revision1" – that line is what made it concrete for me.

## `DOLT_ADD()`

> Deprecated. Use the [DOLT_ADD stored

Reviewer: These seem to render and work correctly on prod with the escaped `_`. Looks like we just don't need to escape that at all?

Author: We use non-escaped `_` elsewhere and they render correctly. Will double check on dev before I go to prod
